hey YouTube John here I wanted to give
you guys a tour of my mac setup that i
have here first off take a look at my
desk and i have over on the right hand
side i have a mac mini sitting there
it's a 1.8 three gigahertz we've got
four gigs of ram and i think it has the
80 gig hard drive in there right now
because the 250 hard drive i had crashed
i have it on there because i've been
testing out a mac OS x snow leopard
server on there and basically all I do
is I haven't worked in and I use screen
sharing through my macbook pro over here
to use it and play with in whatever it's
just temporarily I think it's going to
be moved here soon over to my
girlfriend's desk all going to put smell
upper back on it and she can use it over
here also i have if you look both of the
operating systems for mac and windows
the newest ones snow leopard and windows
seven i work for a company that has a
partnership with window so i have to use
it unfortunately i'm a mac guy so you
know just got to do what you got to do
coming over a bunch of pins and scissors
and stuff i have these two old Harman
Kardon speakers that I came with my
original dell I had years ago and I'll
tell you what they still sound good and
I can't complain about them I would like
something with a sub woofer but yeah you
know they do what they need to do right
here is my pride and joy this is my 15
inch macbook pro it's a 2.53 gigs for
gigs of ram 320 gig hard drive 727
excuse me 7200 RPM s on that hard drive
that I've put in there I also have just
the
Matt keyboard I'm using this one instead
of the wireless idea of the wireless but
I don't like the fact that the wireless
does not have the number cat because
trust me I use that number pad all the
time especially for work and it's just
easier when i'm working and having it
next that is the magic mouse I've heard
a lot of people being indifferent about
the magic mouse I personally love it I
do have a new program on there that lets
me select expose off of the magic mouse
and but I tell you what that magic mouse
is a great great mouse moving over I do
have a blue snowball microphone I love
it the sound quality on it it's
excellent and it's just a great Mike and
it looks pretty cool too and it's a lot
of fun just an ikea lamp nothing special
I have a brother laser jet black and
white printer here I don't need color
really this thing does the job and it's
quick behind it you can probably see a
few external hard drives this one the
black maxtor is a my time machine that I
have set up to the macbook pro and then
this one is a wd macbook studio addition
to I believe it's two terabytes but I
have a set up and raid one so i only get
one terabyte out off of it but it's
mirrored so I'm definitely keeping a my
data safe the last thing underneath
there if you can see I've got an eight
port hub USB hub sitting in there
because everything i have set up it goes
into here and then i just have the wires
that go back here to the macbook pro so
it makes life easier the only thing i
have is firewire 800 right here which
goes back to the WD just
speed I mean you can't beat firewire 800
and its speed last thing I do want to
show you is my boy Fred up here he was a
gift for crib for my birthday and he's
just awesome anyways that's my setup I
hope you like it make sure to subscribe
youtube.com slash bench mob 31 and make
sure you give it a lot of votes I
appreciate it take it easy